Fix typos (#159)
amueller/introduction_to_ml_with_python: README.md

Learning with Python" by [Andreas Mueller](http://amueller.io) and [Sarah Guido](https://twitter.com/sarah_guido).
You can find details about the book on the [O'Reilly website](http://shop.oreilly.com/product/0636920030515.do).

> The books require the current stable version of scikit-learn, that is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The book requires the current stable version of scikit-learn, that is
```
